H1: OUR MISSION
P: Develop the best education in the world and make it universally available.
P: Join a life-changing mission that brings people together.
H1: Only at Duolingo
P: We're kind, creative people who want to make a positive impact on the world.
P: Wanna put your butt in this TOTALLY normal chair?
Well, put your resume in our applications!

We're hiring. Check out our open roles here: https://lnkd.in/eCZnG7Qx
Because we'd love to put our heads AND butts together.

#onlyatduolingo
P: When we first went public, my very first letter to investors said:

“Dear potential investors, The main thing you need to know is that I plan to dedicate my life to building a future in which, through technology, every person on this planet has access to the best quality of education. And not only that, but a future in which people want to spend their time learning. Duolingo is the platform for building that future, and we are just getting started.”

Nearly 2,000 days later, this remains true. In our Q4 2025 earnings call later today, I’ll explain why we’re prioritizing long-term user growth and product innovation to lead the world in redefining the future of education, even when that may not optimize for the short-term.

See our shareholder letter for more information: https://lnkd.in/e5SiW2s4
P: Getting checked out on LinkedIn hits different. 😳

But a profile view from Duo?
That’s a professional, polite “WYD.”

If you’re looking for a new match, come get to know us. 
We’re interested in building something long term and we think you’d fit right in.

Don’t make this awkward. Career page 👉 https://lnkd.in/gXuhXWvj

#onlyatduolingo
H1: Our Teams
P: Engineering is our largest function at Duolingo. They build, run, and maintain our product and features.
P: Product at Duolingo is focused on defining, launching, and improving everything we build.
P: Design combines product design, art, animation, brand, and experiential to bring delight to our product.
H1: Our Benefits
P: We put tremendous thought and care into caring for our Duos.
P: High-quality insurance plans for Duos, as well as eligible partners and dependents
P: 20 days of PTO, a 2-week winter break, 7 company holidays, and unlimited sick time
P: A $10k first time home buyer bonus to Pittsburgh-based employees
P: International trips to practice a new language after 2+ years as a Duo
P: Up to $100 a month to spend on diverse activities and interests
H1: Our Locations
H1: Our Typical Interview Process
P: We evaluate for excellence in craft, leadership skills, and citizenship.
P: The Hiring Team will review your application and inform you of any next steps. We encourage you to apply!
P: A conversation with a Recruiter about your professional experience, the open role, and what to expect.
P: A deeper dive with a member of the Hiring Team to discuss the open role, your expertise, and what you bring.
P: This varies by role, but will typically involve a live coding assessment, a take-home task, or a presentation.
P: A series of 1:1 interviews via Zoom, focused on your craft. Some roles may involve a presentation and additional leadership interviews.
P: Should you receive an offer, your Recruiter will walk you through the details, including benefits and any information specific to your role.
P: Celebrate! The moment you accept your offer, we’ll all be celebrating with you! Your future team may reach out to congratulate you and say hello.
P: You made it! You’re officially a Nuo (a new Duo), and we’ll give you everything you need to get started. Plus, you’ll get some cool swag.
H1: Job Openings
H3: Featured jobs
H1: FAQ
H1: Follow Us
